Nobody wants to be remembered as that
awkward kid from the first week. So,
here's how to survive school without
becoming the cringe kid. First, don't
wait until the night before school to
buy supplies. You'll end up with neon
pink notebooks and broken pencils. Pack
your bag the night before or you'll
forget your homework on the kitchen
table and your teacher won't believe the
excuse. Eat breakfast or your stomach
will growl louder than the lecture.
Learn your schedule fast. If you walk
into the wrong class, you'll sit there
pretending like you belong. Write
everything down in one planner. Your
brain will forget by lunchtime. Don't
try to carry every textbook at once.
Your backpack will feel like a boulder
and your spine will give up by
Wednesday. Sit near people who actually
want to pass. Slackers won't share their
notes. Respect the cafeteria line. Cut
once and you'll be that kid until
graduation. Keep a backup pen. Pens
always die at the worst time. Usually
right when the teacher says, "Sign your
name." And most important, don't stress
perfection. Surviving the first week is
the real test. The rest gets easier once
you find your rhythm.